[Music]
the corona virus is affecting all of us
in ways we could never have imagined but
it's hitting some people so much harder
than others that's who the money raised
from the big night and who's going to
help the people who need it most
[Music]
laughter and cleanness will get us
through this and hopefully when we look
back on this way of time we'll remember
that despite being apart we were more
together than ever
please give if you possibly can thank
you hello and welcome to the big quiz
I'm Joe Trinder I am your quiz master
I'm delighted to be here for children in
need and comic relief and I'm delighted
to be here for you so thanks very much
for joining now you had a lot of time in
quarantine a lot of time to read so do
try and be intelligent now obviously I'm
doing this from my home thanks to the
power of the internet I can be with you
in yours
so yes sir clean your dirty curtains now
hopefully you're all at home too and
hopefully you're staying safe and
hopefully for the more intelligent
amounts to I can put a smile on your
face but whether you do well or not well
that's another question altogether now
I've got a great quiz plan for you but
before we start I just want to remind
you why we're here
money raised by the big night in and the
big quiz will support people who really
need it through this crisis if you're
able to donate and would like to just
use the link in the description below by
donating you can make a real difference
to people that need it now more than
ever across the UK so anything you can
give really anything will be greatly
appreciated right then who's ready to
quiz all you need to play along is a pen
and paper and in fact you can download
some branded paper some stationery from
the site there's a link in the
description but you don't even need to
do that because as long as you've got a
pen and paper that'll do just fine now
here's how it's going to work we've got
five rounds of five questions
yes that's five sir that's four plus one
I can see you each correct answer is
worth one point
so that's 25 points up for grabs from
the main rounds there's something for
everyone in the family general knowledge
music sport children's and
entertainment happy days as a quiz
master I'll be delivering the questions
obviously and a few familiar faces will
be dropping in with questions too so
look out for those will repeat the
questions as we go but if you do miss
anything follow the link in the
description to the written questions
after each round I'll run through the
answers so we can keep score as we go
after the answers because I'm extremely
generous and also give you an extra
question from our bonus round the bonus
round is weird but true or false I'll
give you a fact and I want you to tell
me whether you believe it's true or
false I'll reveal the answers to those
five bonus questions at the end
correct answers to bonus questions are
worth five points each yes that's five
points so weird but true or false
questions couldn't really change the
game after all the questions and answers
you should have a score out of 50 25
points from the regular questions and a
potential 25 points from the bonus
questions all good
are you ready great let's quiz rawa of
general knowledge round and no checking
on smartphones or that sort of thing
otherwise I'll ensure that you lose
points
question one be ready for your pen the
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have three
children but what's the name of their
daughter
[Music]
question two which species of animals
holds hands while they sleep no it's not
what you're thinking
now for question three it's over to our
first celebrity guest we got hey it's
Laura Whitmore hope you're staying safe
staying well and enjoying the big quiz
so I have a bit of a question for you
when it comes to website addresses
what does HTTP stands for got that you
know that comes before the www bit what
does HTTP stand for good luck
[Music]
thank you to the lovely Laura Whitmore
for that question now it's time for
question 4 on standard UK monopoly board
which square lies
diagonally opposite go and here's your
last question for round 1 courtesy of a
furry friend y'all right well you ready
campus maturity this chaka I hope you're
all staying safe and enjoying this big
lovely juicy quiz way-hey
right I've got a big question for you
here's my crazy
eh-hem which is the most southerly
national capital city in the world that
was which is the most southerly national
capital city in the world that's a right
good question in tick tock oh good luck
yes and there we have it
round 1 done let's see those answers
ulcers - round 1 now frankly you should
have got 5 out of 5 if you didn't I'm
not going to say that you're
unintelligent I'm just going to suggest
that you're well unintelligent question
well the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge
have three children but what is the name
of their daughter the answer of course
is Princess Charlotte I didn't you know
that question to which species of animal
holds hands while they sleep the answer
just ask Benedict Cumberbatch is otters
they hold hands while they sleep isn't
it so sweet just like me and Rocco right
let's go back to the lovely Laura
Whitmore for the next answer so the
question that I asked you was what is
HTTP stand for in website
and the answer is hypertext Transfer
Protocol the otherwise stay safe stay
home enjoy the quiz well there you have
it the answer to question 3 is hypertext
Transfer Protocol yes it's obvious why
on earth didn't you know the answer if
you've got it wrong question 4 on a
standard UK Monopoly board which Square
lies diagonally opposite girl
the answer is free parking
no it wasn't jail event that's what you
thought and I think we're back to hacker
the final answer I ask you which is the
most southerly national capital city in
the world the answer is of course
Wellington New Zealand ha ha I thought
it was Wigan Kaka Oh close
good luck stay home and stay safe its
entrance chisaka there's your answer
it's Wellington New Zealand one round
down now tot up those scores up next
it's our first bonus question ok here's
our first weird but true or false bonus
question now I'll read you a weird fact
and you have to tell me if it's true or
false you ready yes the weird fact
penguins do not have kneecaps is that
weird but true or is it false remember a
correct answer here is worth five points
answers will be revealed at the end so
you'll want to stick around
no in fact it's an order stick around
round two
it's music questions and I'll answer all
of the pop questions because you know
I'm party like it's 1899 question one
which singer sang the theme song for no
time to die the new James Bond film two
for release later this year well sure I
know the answer to this ok the next
question comes from the one the only
great David everybody hi it's Craig
David here with a couple of questions
for you how is the singer born Robyn
Fenty better known as well thank you
Craig it's a rather tough one that
question three complete this lyric from
the song can't stop the feeling by
Justin Timberlake just pause and think
about him for a second people say I look
like him you know complete is lyric I
got that sunshine in my pocket got that
good soul in my what I got that sunshine
in my pocket got that good soul in my
off to our next guest for our next
question I've got a big question to ask
you all a you read a yeah baby so what
singer had to hear in 2014 with the song
Budapest then in 2018 shotgun whoo that
was a good one there thanks Jemma no
question far who headlined on the Friday
night at Glastonbury last year in a
union chat vest designed by Banksy
right there's your lot shall we do some
answers now answers to the music round
pens ready question 1 which singer sang
the theme song for no time to die the
new James Bond film due for release
later this year the answer of course was
Billy Eilish thinking of doing my hair
like her during quarantine now back to
help you fill in the next answer is the
marvellous and brilliant it's mr. Craig
David and the answer is Rihanna Thank
You crow yes indeed the answer of course
is a sublime Rihanna fancy that they do
love her question 3 complete this lyric
from the song can't stop the feeling by
Justin Timberlake I got that sunshine in
my pocket got that good soul in my what
the answer of course was feet and if you
said anything else I'm very worried
about you now over to Gemma Collins who
I'm sure got all of the answers correct
and the answer of course is George Ezra
guys thank you for having me thank you
Gemma
question 5 who headlined on the Friday
night at Glastonbury 2019 in a Union
Jack fest designed by Banksy the answer
of course my personal favourite storm Z
so how is that no add up your scores and
get ready for the next bonus question
now it's time for your second weird but
true or false question here's your fact
the national animal of Scotland is a
unicorn so is it weird but true or is it
false there's some big points up for
grabs here so guess well is all I'm
saying
I have to say I rather thought I'd know
the answer to this you're not a partial
to a kilt now it's time for a quick
break how you finding it so far all okay
any arguments you need me to settle all
right go and grab a drink nip to the loo
if you have to assuming you've got some
toilet roll just do what you need to do
now if you'd like to donate you can do
so on the link in the description below
see you in a mo the corona virus is
affecting all of us in ways we can never
have imagined but it's hitting some
people so much harder than others
that's who the money raised from the big
night and who's going to help the people
who need it most
[Music]
laughter and kindness will get us
through this and hopefully when we look
back on this we have time we'll remember
that despite being apart we were more
together than ever
please give if you possibly can thank
you
[Music]
welcome back to the big quiz we've got
three more rounds to go so thank you to
everybody who's donated already money
raised will support people who really
need it most through this crisis if
you'd still like to donate and please do
so if you can please use the link in the
description sir a reminder we've got
three rounds to go
plus the all-important bonus questions
which will be the real game changers
right let's get back to it round three
it's sport questions what are going to
go straight to a mystery guest for this
first question
hi Adam ease loose here and I hope
you're all keep him safe and enjoying a
big quiz so far now I've got a big
question for you and my question is
which city hosted the 2014 Winter
Olympics
good luck yes that was the legendary
Denise Lewis with a tough question there
unless like me you spend most of your
evenings alone watching figure skating
question 2 which sports person won BBC
Sports Personality of the year in 2019
okay we've got another special guest for
the next question hello everybody my
name is Garth Thomas and I hope you all
stay in safe and well and enjoying the
big quiz so I've got a big question for
you now my question is which country
hosted the Rugby World Cup in 2019
that's which country hosted the Rugby
World Cup in 2019 Thank You Gareth
question four in sneaker how many points
are awarded for potting the blue ball
yep it's a question about blue balls
question 5 in the Premier League
Liverpool started the 2019 2020 season
with an unbeaten run of 28 games which
team ended that streak in February
I'm not sure about a couple of those so
let's see the answers and see how you
did
I do have there been arguments of her
there are answers to the sport round
we're going to start by going back to
the legendary the brilliant Denise Lewis
for answer number one so I asked you
which city hosted the 2014 Winter
Olympics did you get it the answer is
Sochi thanks Denise the answer to
question one was of course Sachi in
Russia question two which sports person
won BBC Sports Personality of the Year
in 2019 the answer of course is Ben
Stokes not other questions three let's
head back to Gareth Thomas so the
question asked you was which country
hosted the Rugby World Cup in 2019 and
the answer is Japan
thanks to Guerra for that point or not
question four in sneaker how many points
are awarded for potting the blue ball
the answer five points of course
although you only get one point for
getting that answer correct question
five in the Premier League
Liverpool start at the 2019 2020 season
with an unbeaten run of 28 games which
team ended that streak in February
the answer is Watford so how was that
are you doing well or are you well
embarrassing yourselves either way we've
got another bonus question coming up now
but before the next round its bonus
question time weird but true or false in
2014 a missing woman on holiday in
Iceland was found when it was discovered
that she was in the search party looking
for herself what do you think
weird but true or false
when it ran for its children's film TV
and literature question so I'm hoping
there's gonna be lots of questions about
Grange Hill my favorite question one how
r zuly Cayenne Lars and foz collectively
known I'll give you a clue they're my
favorites question two
what's the name of the TV series shown
on BBC one last year that was based on
the trilogy of fantasy books written by
Philip Pullman give you a clue I'm
actually looking at one of the books now
it's over there
we're off to another guest for our next
question who could it be
hello my name is Ritchie Driss you can
usually find me wearing well one of
these at 5:30 on a Thursday afternoon on
CBBC
on balloon pizza hope you're enjoying
the big quiz and that goose named safe
spring a quest I've got a big question
for you and it goes like this which
fictional character lives at 32 Windsor
gardens what ah Thank You Ricky any
ideas on that one then everybody
question four in the Harry Potter books
which London station does the Hogwarts
Express depart from
and for the last question of this round
it's over to our next mystery guest its
Scarlett here hold that his and
says stay and save and enjoy in the big
quiz now I've got a big quiz question
for you what is the name of the vacuum
cleaner in the Teletubbies Thank You
scarlet for bringing the Teletubbies
teasers for the quizzes nothing vexing
okay everyone got their pens ready onto
the answers our answers to Round four
question 1 how r zuly Cayenne Lars and
Faust collectively known the answer is
the go-getters I knew that question -
what's the name of the TV series shown
on BBC one last year that was based on
the trilogy of fantasy books written by
Philip Pullman the answer His Dark
Materials one of my favorites see where
is it
publish go find it um let's head back to
our mirage wearing friend Ritchie dress
for the next one yes I asked you a
question
earlier it was which fictional character
lives at 32 Windsor gardens and the
answer is Paddington Bear of course it's
Paddington Bear I know you got that one
right look after yourselves hope you're
well and stay safe now I'm Paddington
Bear not sure about how putz he's gonna
feel about another bear being in his
quiz but hey ho question four in the
Harry Potter books which London station
does the Hogwarts Express depart from
officer Kings Cross of course and for
the final answer in this round let's go
back to scarlet and I asked you what was
the name of the vacuum cleaner in the
Teletubbies and the answer of course is
nu nu say safe everybody and good luck
of course it was nunu how could I forget
I suppose I was busy thinking about
tinky-winky
now it's time to tot up those answers
your fourth bonus question is up next
time for our penultimate weird but true
or false question snails don't have any
teeth what do you think
sure false snails don't have any teeth
round five our entertainment questions
we're gonna start with a special guest
on this one hoof we got everybody Emily
a tech here hope you will staying safe
and enjoying the big quiz got a big old
question for you
Jodie Whittaker plays Doctor Who but
what number doctor is she Jodie
Whittaker plays Doctor Who but what
number doctor is she good luck thank you
Emily now question two which TV show
that aired in December 2019 was the most
viewed non-sporting TV event in a decade
looks like somebody's dialing in for our
next question ah hi everyone aurilla
dooba here hope you are all really well
staying safe wherever you are and
whatever you're up to which is of course
playing the big quiz now I've got a big
question for you which British soap
opera has been on our TV screens since
1985 which British soap opera has been
on our TV screens since 1985 think about
it thank you re I haven't seen you since
we did the cha-cha that was a good one
question for which fictional TV
character has a production company
called pear tree productions
question fire which celebrity won the
17th series of Strictly Come Dancing in
2019 it wasn't me and there's a lot you
made it
now let's see those answers now our
answers to round five and it's over to
Emily for number one let's hope you
haven't done as well as a number two
again I asked you Jodie Whittaker plays
Doctor Who but what number doctor is she
and the answer is 13th which is the
thirteenth doctor good luck with the
rest of the quiz every believes stay
safe lots of love
thank you very much Emily now question
two which TV show that aired in December
2019 was the most viewed non-sporting TV
event in a decade the answer it was
Gavin and Stacy's Christmas special for
question three it's over to a brilliant
Oread uber I ask you which British soap
opera has been running on our TVs since
1985 and the answer is these tenders
never play the drums in my life good
luck quizzing everybody stay safe stay
home and I'll see you very soon
thank you very much all right now
question for which fictional TV
character has a production company
called pear tree productions answer Alan
Partridge question five which celebrity
won the seventeenth series of Strictly
Come Dancing in 2019
it was Kelvin Fletcher is it just me or
was that tough well there's still time
to make up the points in the bonus round
right it's time for our final weird but
true or false bonus question and our
last question of the evening is this
true or false there's a town in the UK
called cat brain
you make it count true or false make the
answer count and now we have the answers
to the bonus questions it's time to find
out what facts are weird but true or
false now here's a reminder these are
really important each correct answer is
worth five points sir another 25 points
are up for grabs here here we go
bonus question number one weird but true
or false
penguins don't have kneecaps answer it's
weird but false they do have kneecaps
they're just covered by fur bonus
question - true or false the national
animal of Scotland is a unicorn
answer well it's weird but true it's
been odd I don't know how they can find
one but but there it is bonus question
three true or false in 2014 a missing
woman on holiday in Iceland was found
when it was discovered that she was in
the search party looking for herself
the answer is weird but true bonus
question for sure false snails don't
have any teeth the answer is weird but
false snails can actually have up to
25,000 teeth no bonus question five true
or false
there's a town in the UK called cat
brain answer yes weird but true and
hello to all of our viewers in cat brain
this evening cat brain hmm well done
everyone so how is that let us know how
you got on in the comments and I'm
particularly interested in the well the
less intelligent members of the family
do let me know the more stupid answers
please and thank you again for joining
us and thank you for supporting the big
quiz
and comic relief I hope you've had as
much fun playing as I did hosting before
I go I just want to say a really special
thanks to those of you who've donated
money raised will support people who
really need it through this crisis right
across the UK thank you so much for your
kindness and generosity if you haven't
donated and would still like to you can
donate on the link in the description I
think that's it from me thanks again
from joining me in my home my library
and thank you for letting me join you in
yours I love spending this time with you
well most of you stay safe stay well see
you all soon the corona virus is
affecting all of us in ways we can never
have imagined
but it's hitting some people so much
harder than others
that's who the money raised from the big
night end is going to help
the people who need it most
[Music]
laughter and kindness will get us
through this and hopefully when we look
back on this way of time we'll remember
that despite being a park we were more
together than ever
please give if you possibly can thank
you
[Music]
Oh